33
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. -Albert Einstein
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.  -Robert Frost
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. -Wayne Gretzky
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. -Amelia Earhart
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. -Babe Ruth
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon
We become what we think about. -Earl Nightingale
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails.  Explore, Dream, Discover. -Mark Twain
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any. -Alice Walker
The mind is everything. What you think you become.  -Buddha
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. -Chinese Proverb
An unexamined life is not worth living. -Socrates
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. -Steve Jobs
Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. -Maya Angelou
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right. -Henry Ford
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. -Mark Twain
If you hear a voice within you say “you cannot paint,” then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced. -Vincent Van Gogh
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing. -Aristotle
Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart. - Ancient Indian Proverb
Believe you can and you're halfway there. -Theodore Roosevelt
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. -Plato
Teach thy tongue to say, "I do not know," and thous shalt progress. -Maimonides
Fall seven times and stand up eight. -Japanese Proverb
Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see. -Confucius
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. -Anne Frank
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. -Latin Proverb
All men dream: but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds wake up in the day to find it was vanity, but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act their dreams with open eyes, to make it possible. - T.E. Lawrence, aka Lawrence of Arabia
Beware the irrational, however seductive. Shun the 'transcendent' and all who invite you to subordinate or annihilate yourself. Distrust compassion; prefer dignity for yourself and others. Don't be afraid to be thought arrogant or selfish. Picture all experts as if they were mammals. Never be a spectator of unfairness or stupidity. Seek out argument and disputation for their own sake; the grave will supply plenty of time for silence. Suspect your own motives, and all excuses. Do not live for others any more than you would expect others to live for you. - Christopher Hitchens
The essence of the independent mind lies not in what it thinks, but in how it thinks. - Christopher Hitchens
My own opinion is enough for me, and I claim the right to have it defended against any consensus, any majority, anywhere, any place, any time. And anyone who disagrees with this can pick a number, get in line, and kiss my ass. - Christopher Hitchens
If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear. - George Orwell
We know that no one ever seizes power with the intention of relinquishing it. - George Orwell