What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop.
Yesterday I saw a guy spill all his Scrabble letters on the road. I asked him, 'What's the word on the street?'
I invented a new word! Plagiarism!
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing! They fast!
What's black and white and red all over? A dead nun.
What did the shark say when he ate the clownfish? This tastes a little funny!
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
Why do we tell actors to 'break a leg?' Because every play has a cast!
Helvetica and Times New Roman walk into a bar. 'Get out of here!' shouts the bartender. 'We don't serve your type!'
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There's no menu, you get what you deserve.
A woman in labor suddenly started shouting, 'Shouldn't! Wouldn't! Couldn't! Didn't! 'Can't!' 'Don't worry,' said the doctor. 'Those are just contractions.'
You want a joke? How about this one: you.
My first words were unrepeatable in polite company. I think it was something like kajfidsiochaiudncijdci.
What did the duck say when she bought a lipstick? Put it on my bill!
I hate Russian dolls. They're so full of themselves.
What do you give to a sick lemon? Lemon aid!
What do you call a monkey that loves Doritos? A chipmunk!
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing!
Why are there gates around cemeteries? Because people are dying to get in!
When's the best time to go to the dentist? Tooth-hurtie!
What do you call it when one cow spies on another? A steak out!
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? Graaaaaaaains!
My new thesaurus is terrible. Not only that, but it's also terrible.
Why didn't the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.
I got fired from my job at the bank today. An old lady came in and asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
I like to spend every day as if it's my last. Staying in bed and calling for a nurse to bring me more pudding.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Imagine if Americans switched from pounds to kilograms overnight. There would be mass confusion!
It's inappropriate to make a "dad joke" if you are not a dad. It's a faux pa.
What did the buffalo say when his son left? Bison!